release 2025-08-29 (#3220)
tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle: CHANGELOG.md

Subscribe to the [tracking issue #2231](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/issues/2231)
to receive notifications about breaking changes!

## TigerBeetle 0.16.57

Released: 2025-08-29

### Safety And Performance

- [#3200](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/3200)

  Improved performance in `set_associative_cache.zig` by using Fastrange and SIMD.

- [#3201](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/3201)

  Improved performance and better codegen in `aegis.zig` by avoiding aliasing.

- [#3205](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/3205)

>   State sync ratchet, to retain progress across checkpoint boundaries.

Reviewer: Complete sentence + add a little clarification:
```suggestion
  Implement a state sync ratchet, to retain table repair progress across checkpoint boundaries.
  This reduces the time to complete state sync for active clusters.
```

>   State sync ratchet, to retain progress across checkpoint boundaries.

Reviewer: Actually I think we can just say what it does, not our name for it:
```suggestion
  Retain table repair progress across checkpoint boundaries,
  to reduce the time to complete state sync for active clusters.
```
